good temptation to mud me
cursed old serpent chew my flesh and
spit in my guise but touch my soul
don't you dare to eat god
his presence I deserve only a lot
death and grievous mu and eternal torment and
for myself and my children and therefore I ask
long tolerated forgive and bless God not
imputed
you are all my sins and evasions for me
misses the last
but with all my heart I wish for salvation
to me
my savior and christ come to the sick
beggars to God do not know what to ask for that
you took to you aspire as yourself
I am not worthy of my dear
eternal life and you deserve me only
eternal torment
but do not resign themselves to this at all and I'm in this
have a bath
and humility with you I want and all purity and
simplicity i'm so tired of dirt and
slyness can help me in this
only you
but the reward will fall from me by
life for Russia is not all there is not a cat and not
whereas without you I was terribly bad
I thought it was grief forever but you got off
heights retinue you perfection stones
grains of sand condescended called me
chose and bestowed everything honestly and will arrange a feast
I found I loved you and faith
interrupted
holy hope was engaged to you
but he stumbled bangs stumbled and fought
pain and i'm passionate about
to reveal we are inside out and show
there is the fact that there actually has been for
clothes and
not finding tempted extinguished simon
I tried to settle everything
humility bogorad goals
hard to just live oh easy gift
salvation suffering learned all the year the essence
with run
and grandchildren for God's sake, the wrong side is a minus
holy bible
him and suffering him the way of temptations
I knew him the way I am tempted I melted down
let the temptation away
and it’s not until the end I have found my
saving costly but without a crown
the same hand with coffee you walking like a hand
god what form you got and you will
before god
present and you will be who you are